WARNING: Skip to Anyway to skip this long intro

Today is an light hearted day. IF anyone stumbles across this, note that I  add references to food,culture, and science. 
I learn things in what I consider a strange way, I always end up relating what I am studying to culture; specifically music, food and science. I believe that everything has a science to it.
Even in those pretty crystals I happen to buy there is a structural science behind it. Food even has a scientific explanation behind its' methods and more importantly culture does aswell. 
Before there was tradition there was necessity; so It brings me immense joy to understand why things are done in a particular way.
I like to figure the similarities we have as a people aswell because chances are if it's done in one part of the world it is elsewhere too ( I feel these things can bring many together). 
Not to reinvent the wheel, but to understand how it keeps turning.

I am attempting not to pick up every shiny amulet or talisman that has cool attributes and not knowing which one to choose then next thing you know I'm trying to figure out what to sell, dump or store.
I've been in that predicament and ended up almost dying because I had no space for healing potions. 
This was made worse by learning years after the same game has runeword combos. 
(lots of them 78 I recall each with permissions used for specific weapons(ie: Missle only/Axes Spectres Hammers Or all Weapons /etc or Body Armor / Shields and if it only applies to a certain classes armor such as Paladin Sheilds). 


* Anyway




- Today I finished assembling my crude lab. It is held together with some electrical tape and probably should be done more professionally. I used a B156XW02 bought off ebay and the lcd controller for it off Amazon.
- downloaded the Raspberry Pi Imager on a microsd and will format the external hdd's to use for more space. 



* I chose that screen because the other lcd controllers would take over a month to ship. So I searched for the lcd controller first and matched a screen that would reach in a timely fashion.
